
## 📝 技術描述 (Antigravity 旗艦級深度合成)

### 1. 核心數據 [R1-15170]
*   **物理確效**：PDCA 確效 (Verified)
*   **高品質標籤**：旗艦級深度合成

### 2. 歷史通訊精煉 (Refined Context)
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Vito,

Thank you. My pleasure.

Erwin
Erwin Lai
QA Manager
MOULDEX CO., LTD.

22 Guang Fu S. Rd.,
Hsinchu Industrial Park 30351
Taiwan, R.O.C.
Tel: +886 3 598 3109 ext. 701  Fax: +886 3 598 5601
E-Mail: erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw <mailto:erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw>    Website: http://www.mouldex.com.tw <http://www.mouldex.com.tw/> 



On Mon, Sep 13, 2021 at 9:30 PM Vito A Caragiulo <...
* [Unknown] RE: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Erwin, 

 

Thank you for the fast turn around and quote.  Modifying this cap is one of the options we are looking at.  This quote and what you mention below provides the information needed.  We should make a decision in a week or two in the direction we will proceed.  

 

One way or the other, I will let Mouldex know.

 

Thank you again my friend

 

V.

 

From: Erwin Lai <...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Hi Vito, 

Understood. Attached is the quote for fabricating 32 core pins for Direction 1 (changing the I.D. of the ribs but not changing the I.D. and the thickness of the wall). The cost and the lead time are all in it.

For your information, the routine production of the current R1-15853 has taken at least 2/3 of the full capacity of the mold. It might be too early to mention it at this poin...
* [Unknown] RE: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Erwin,

 

Once again (and as usual) – you are correct.  We do have a shorter cap the R1-3152 and I have looked at that option.  That option has issues in itself.  

 

Currently I am looking at all feasible options for short term and for long term, I would like to put a cap on the end to make our product look good and like our 20 mm spikes.  All I need is a good estimate of cost and time ...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  +Teng and Luke as it was just discussed in the meeting. Attachments are for their reference as well.

Vito,

For Q1) Gilbert is getting the estimation on the cost of direction 1. As soon as I receive the information, I will let you know.

For Q2) Gilbert reminded me that we used to purchase a breather cap from SLC for the universal vial spike years ago, till it was replaced by R1-15853. The ...
* [Unknown] RE: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Erwin – as usual – your assessment is very good and correct.  

Changing the ribs (longer) may collapse them  --- but I think this is the smarter direction.  All I need is a slight friction fit on the spike.

Changing the wall thickness may make the friction fit too much.

 

So – 2 questions?

 

Q1) I think the Direction 1 – longer ribs is the better idea.  If we had to make new core...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Hi Vito,

The practicability assessment is done and attached for your review.

The cost and time estimation would depend on if we need to modify one cavity for testing prior to modifying all 32 cavities. I would suggest reviewing the attached assessment to determine the appropriate approach and Gilbert could provide the requested information upon.

We may briefly review the assessment in the...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Vito,

I am forwarding your request to our team for discussion.

R1-15853 was originally designed for the universal vial adaptors such as R1-15935, R1-15936 and R1-15170. And then the use of the cap was extended to Vial Adapters with long spike R1-10149, R1-10356 and R1-10278 and there were issues of the broken caps and fallen caps due to the different cap retaining area details (length, inter...


---
*本報告受 Antigravity 工業治理協定保護。*
