
## 📝 技術描述 (Antigravity 旗艦級深度合成)

### 1. 核心數據 [R1-1073]
*   **物理確效**：PDCA 確效 (Verified)
*   **高品質標籤**：旗艦級深度合成

### 2. 歷史通訊精煉 (Refined Context)
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Thank you Terry for your time to examine the parts and feedback. I will discuss this with Gilbert to have Mold Masters to check the hot manifold.

 

 

Regards,

 

 <http://www.mouldex.com.tw/english/company.html> 

Abbie Tai

Project Manager

+886-35983109 ext.602

** Office closed for National holidays: October 7th to 10th , Abbie’s day off: October 11th **

 

From: Terr...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Thanks Abbie for the update

 

I received the sample parts today, after examining the parts I have come to the conclusion the “splay like condition” is knit lines and cold fill of the material.

 

Since this condition is also in the runner, which would indicate a cold spot in the hot runner. Since its on several of the cavities I believe the issue is in the hot runner manifold. Either a ...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Terry,

 

Just let you know that I have checked the delivery status for the samples for R1-8039 with splay marks

I sent on September 27th and the samples are still holding at Cincinnati hub. DHL tracking# 4910083964 <https://www.dhl.com/tw-en/home/tracking/tracking-express.html?submit=1&tracking-id=4910083964> 

 

DHL told me that there is no further action required and just wait f...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Terry,

 

We were informed by Mold Masters that they will come to our facility to replace 1 of hot tip on

October 13th instead since the hot tip will be sent from Mold Masters China after their holidays.

 

Here are the results after running the mold for 24 hours with 60-65 NM locking torque of the hot tip.

● Splay marks were found on all 8 cavities occasionally.

● Distributi...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Terry,

 

As I mentioned in the meeting today, the leakage was still found on one of the hot tip after running 

24 hours and Mold Masters will come to our facility to replace the leakage hot tip next week.

 

Also, our team is inspecting the samples from the 24-hour run for the splay mark. We will let you know

the results as soon as we can.

 

The following samples are on t...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Terry,

 

Please refer to the attached process parameters sheet and material TDS.

 

By the way, we just found that the sequence of dynamic and static tests I sent you

earlier was incorrect. The correct one is as follows.

 



 

Thank you,

 

 <http://www.mouldex.com.tw/english/company.html> 

Abbie Tai

Project Manager

+886-35983109 ext.602

** Office close...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Please send me complete machine process information along with material specification and process information.

 

 

 



Terry L. Schwenk 

Manager

Advanced Manufacturing Engineering

Mobile: 224-507-8086

www.icumed.com <https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=http-3A__www.icumed.com_&d=DwMF-g&c=UE1eNsedaKncO0Yl_u8bfw&r=DaSqJnOrTLmKi3ecBaAE8R2fyWc_d9QCbeTz8CJVDCo&m=QGoxpF_...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Terry and Teng,

 

Here are some updates for R1-8039.

 

Mold Masters hot runner user manual

We got the hard copy with the English version from Mold Masters. They told us that they are not

able to provide the soft copy. Please let us know if need the hard copy.

 

Leakage test for check ring

The check ring has good capability.

Testing

Method

Results

Static
...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Terry,

 

Thank you very much for the information. We will perform a leakage test for check ring and let you know the results.

 

We have checked with Mold Masters and they confirmed that they used the same steps to torque the nozzle. We do

not make any adjustments to the hot manifold system by ourselves. We call Mold Masters to check and adjust if there

is an issue related hot ...
* [Unknown] RE: R1-8039 New 8-cavity mold
  Hi Teng,

 

The attached file is the hot runner design in PDF format. We only have the installation manual in the Chinese version.

We have sent the request to Mold Masters to get the English version and will send it to you once we receive it.

 

Here are the results after running the mold for 24 hours.

● Splay marks were found on all 8 cavities occasionally.

● Distribution of sp...


---
*本報告受 Antigravity 工業治理協定保護。*
