
## 📝 技術描述 (Antigravity 旗艦級深度合成)

### 1. 核心數據 [R1-10356]
*   **物理確效**：PDCA 確效 (Verified)
*   **高品質標籤**：旗艦級深度合成

### 2. 歷史通訊精煉 (Refined Context)
* [Unknown] P19更換機台的FA報告
  瑞婧好，嘉娟好，

 

請幫忙提供以下藍底料號P19更換機台的FA報告：

 

1.	總共14個品項，給客戶的版本以及含Cpk的都要
2.	B06-335-251-1和B06-386-251-1這兩項要以R1-15017和R1-15020的客戶料號和客戶圖面/量測點呈現報告

3.      時間不緊急，方便時陸續給即可，希望全數在9/20前提供完成

謝謝您

 

Mouldex P/N

Part #

Mouldex mold ID

OQ protocol

OQ Report

PQ protocol

PQ Report

FAI Report

	R1-3517

MI05017

V

V

V

8/27 PQ

V

	R1-10160

MT12118

V
...
* [Unknown] Fwd: ICU 客訴清單 (2019~now)
  各位主管，

附件為前次 (2019) ICU 稽核缺失與矯正預防措施，請參考。

Erwin
Erwin Lai
QA Manager
MOULDEX CO., LTD.

22 Guang Fu S. Rd.,
Hsinchu Industrial Park 30351
Taiwan, R.O.C.
Tel: +886 3 598 3109 ext. 701  Fax: +886 3 598 5601
E-Mail: erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw <mailto:erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw>    Website: http://www.mouldex.com.tw <http://www.mouldex.com.tw/> 



---------- Forwarded message ---------
...
* [Unknown] Fwd: ICU 客訴清單 (2019~now)
  Dear all,

附件為2019年迄今ICU的客訴與回饋列表，請參考。
計數 - 客訴案號	 欄標籤	 			
列標籤	 回饋	 客訴	 待判定	 總計	 
R1-10149	 	1	 1	 2	 
R1-10356	 				
R1-15198	 3	 		3	 
R1-15202 & R1-15457	 				
R1-15457	 1	 		1	 
R1-15737	 	3	 	3	 
R1-15853	 	1	 	1	 
R1-15936	 	2	 	2	 
R1-16158	 	2	 	2	 
R1-2356	 	1	 	1	 
R1-2360	 	1	 	1	 
R18-000-613	 	1	 	1	 
R1-8142	 				
總計	 4	 12	 1	 17	 
只計有ICU SCAR No.部分。	 			

計數 - 客...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Vito,

Thank you. My pleasure.

Erwin
Erwin Lai
QA Manager
MOULDEX CO., LTD.

22 Guang Fu S. Rd.,
Hsinchu Industrial Park 30351
Taiwan, R.O.C.
Tel: +886 3 598 3109 ext. 701  Fax: +886 3 598 5601
E-Mail: erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw <mailto:erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw>    Website: http://www.mouldex.com.tw <http://www.mouldex.com.tw/> 



On Mon, Sep 13, 2021 at 9:30 PM Vito A Caragiulo <...
* [Unknown] RE: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Erwin, 

 

Thank you for the fast turn around and quote.  Modifying this cap is one of the options we are looking at.  This quote and what you mention below provides the information needed.  We should make a decision in a week or two in the direction we will proceed.  

 

One way or the other, I will let Mouldex know.

 

Thank you again my friend

 

V.

 

From: Erwin Lai <...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Hi Vito, 

Understood. Attached is the quote for fabricating 32 core pins for Direction 1 (changing the I.D. of the ribs but not changing the I.D. and the thickness of the wall). The cost and the lead time are all in it.

For your information, the routine production of the current R1-15853 has taken at least 2/3 of the full capacity of the mold. It might be too early to mention it at this poin...
* [Unknown] RE: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Erwin,

 

Once again (and as usual) – you are correct.  We do have a shorter cap the R1-3152 and I have looked at that option.  That option has issues in itself.  

 

Currently I am looking at all feasible options for short term and for long term, I would like to put a cap on the end to make our product look good and like our 20 mm spikes.  All I need is a good estimate of cost and time ...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  +Teng and Luke as it was just discussed in the meeting. Attachments are for their reference as well.

Vito,

For Q1) Gilbert is getting the estimation on the cost of direction 1. As soon as I receive the information, I will let you know.

For Q2) Gilbert reminded me that we used to purchase a breather cap from SLC for the universal vial spike years ago, till it was replaced by R1-15853. The ...
* [Unknown] RE: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Erwin – as usual – your assessment is very good and correct.  

Changing the ribs (longer) may collapse them  --- but I think this is the smarter direction.  All I need is a slight friction fit on the spike.

Changing the wall thickness may make the friction fit too much.

 

So – 2 questions?

 

Q1) I think the Direction 1 – longer ribs is the better idea.  If we had to make new core...
* [Unknown] Re: FW: CH-72 - 13 mm Vial Spike Cap
  Hi Vito,

The practicability assessment is done and attached for your review.

The cost and time estimation would depend on if we need to modify one cavity for testing prior to modifying all 32 cavities. I would suggest reviewing the attached assessment to determine the appropriate approach and Gilbert could provide the requested information upon.

We may briefly review the assessment in the...


---
*本報告受 Antigravity 工業治理協定保護。*
