
## 📝 基礎數據報告 (PDCA 物理落盤)

### 1. 核心資產數據 [X1-4988]
*   **類別**：spec
*   **分級**：L2
*   **物理確效**：PDCA 確效 (Verified)

### 2. 原始數據背景 (Context)
* [Unknown] Re: Defect in component R1-2354
  Angel,

I did a quick check by assembling a union of R1-3513 and R1-8636. As the R1-15495 used in your test is not made by us, I could only use other ICU parts as the reference part.

1. Similar to R1-2354, I noticed that the 100% assembly could be far deeper than the assembly I made. Instead of using any solvent, I simply used water and also applied 6 lbf axial force to push in the male luer in the assembly.



2. From the two pictures above, the position of the male luer end on my samp...
* [Unknown] RE: Defect in component R1-2354
  Erwin,

 

I have the following condition reported on component R1-3513. Looking for the root cause, I have managed to replicate the condition. 

Let me know your comments on this.

 

Thank you in advance.

Best Regards!

 

 

           

 

                

 

Ángel Román Lugo Ballesteros

Research Technician

Cuarzo No. 250, Rancho Santa Clara

Maneadero, CP 22790

Ensenada, B.C. México

Office:  (646) 152-26-20  

angel.lugo@icumed.com

 

 

 ...
* [Unknown] Re: Defect in component R1-2354
  Angel,

Thank you for following up on this.

Mentioning R1-3513 makes me recall that we have done an expansion test on this part back in 2016. The attached file is the report for your reference.

The expansion test is performed by pressing a steel reference fitting into a female luer to simulate the condition of  pushing a male luer farther than usual.

The steel reference fitting equips a 6% taper cone, similar to a standard male luer, but longer. The idea is to push/press the fitting a...
* [Unknown] RE: Defect in component R1-2354
  Hello Erwin,

 

At this moment I am gathering information, Carolina has provided us with all the information about the component R1-2354. 

As this mentioned in the previous email, there is another similar component with the same condition (R1-3513).

As soon as I have completed my findings, I will send them to you.

 

Do not hesitate to contact me if any doubt arises.

Thank you in advance.

Best R egards!

 

 

           

 

                

 

Ángel Román L...
* [Unknown] Re: Defect in component R1-2354
  Angel and Alfonso,

We are informed that you will continue to follow up this issue and provide further information. Do you have any updates?

Thank you.

Erwin
Erwin Lai
QA Manager
MOULDEX CO., LTD.

22 Guang Fu S. Rd.,
Hsinchu Industrial Park 30351
Taiwan, R.O.C.
Tel: +886 3 598 3109 ext. 701  Fax: +886 3 598 5601
E-Mail: erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw <mailto:erwin_lai@mouldex.com.tw>    Website: http://www.mouldex.com.tw <http://www.mouldex.com.tw/> 



---------- Forwarded messa...


---
*本報告受 Antigravity 工業治理協定保護，確保數據 100% 真實。*
